this episode of unboxed era P is brought
to you by Netflix what's up guys Lew
here and I wanted to run a quick update
episode regarding the ultimate gaming PC
project for 2012 I've gotten a lot of
feedback now on a number of different
items that have been unboxed and
featured leading up to the official
build video mostly positive feedback
from you guys excited to see the results
excited to see the final project once
it's finished but I have had some
critics some people in there saying all
ooh these are subpar components I could
do a better job so on and so forth you
guys know how the haters roll but I want
to I want to let you haters know
something real quick right here what
you're looking at are just independent
components you ain't haven't seen a
final build you haven't seen what I want
to include you in fact you don't even
know what my build list looks like at
this point so judging is a little bit
premature in my opinion I want to drop
multi-monitor setup on here I want to
drop custom water-cooling on here and
you haven't seen any of that so as you
know distribution of this budget
requires me to push some different
components in a certain direction in
order to get other ones that I think are
important at the end of the day I want
this to be the best gaming experience
possible
for the entire budget that we've got to
work with and that means you know making
some very minor sacrifices in my opinion
on certain things a lot of people were
talking about the CPU and saying I would
have picked you know some extreme
edition CPU on socket 2011 well if I
went ahead and did that I would have
taken budget away from some of the
things that I feel are more important
and at the end of the day what would you
rather have what you rather have a
wonderful monitor setup or four or five
extra frames per second on your favorite
game that your eyeballs can't even
notice so for me it's all about putting
together the ultimate gaming experience
overall experience so when you sit down
in front of this eventual setup you're
like blam you're like wow this ain't
something I've ever sat down in front of
before it's all about entertainment here
it's all about putting something
together that is gonna have the greatest
the biggest impact so I want multi
monitors I want custom water cooling to
get that noise down to make sure it's a
silent and stable operation for years to
come there are things that I want to do
to this
built that you haven't seen yet so
please reserve your judgment for the
date at which the build comes together
of course it's the comments section you
can still say whatever you want that's
the beauty of it but I really do believe
you guys would be eating your words when
this final build comes around so you
better watch what you say right now
anyway guys that's just been a quick
update addressing some of the questions
and concerns on the ug PC for 2012
as you guys know I've got a lot of
product to catch up on I just wanted to
drop this quick update so I could get
you guys on the same page as me so that
I'm not having to deal with all these
comments and trying to address them over
and over again and tell people hey chill
out your money's in good hands the
project is healthy everything is going
back into the project maybe some of the
end results are not what you expected
but nonetheless they're going to be very
excited exciting I should say so anyway
guys that's been a quick update I do
have a sponsor for this episode which is
Netflix Netflix helps to support unbox
therapy and make this content possible
for all you guys to watch and enjoy they
of course are the mega giant in terms of
internet streaming of all your favorite
content to all your favorite devices
whether that be your console like Xbox
360 or Playstation 3 me myself I do a
lot of Netflix watching on my Apple TV
which is another option for you guys
anyways if you want to help out the show
and enjoy the Netflix service for free
you can check out a free trial right now
over at netflix.com slash therapy please
head over to that URL don't forget the
slash therapy portion as that's the part
that helps make this show possible so do
me a favor
enjoy the service and help us out
alright guys I'll catch you on the next
episode later